We are seeking a Machine Learning Engineer to develop and implement python-focused development tasks and machine learning algorithms into production. The ideal candidate has a deep understanding of both statistical and machine learning technologies with a focus on Natural Language Processing complemented by the ability to deliver products on time.

In addition, the successful candidate can effectively communicate with both quantitative and qualitative arms of the company in order to understand business requirements. Lastly, she or he has a strong comprehension of data mining and predictive modeling, and how to apply machine learning methods, such as ensemble learning, deep learning, unsupervised clustering, etc. and keeps up-to-date with latest research in the field.

Deploy at least three Machine Learning Models / improvements in production environment

6-18 months: 

Continue to interface between Product and Research as you design and deploy solutions
Maintain and Improve existing Machine Learning documentation and codebase
Deploy at least ten Machine Learning solutions in production environments with a focus on scalability and efficiency
Work with leaders and mentors to set goals for yourself to gain consideration for career development within the company


As a member of the Dojo machine learning team, you will be responsible for enabling Tesla’s neural networks to train efficiently on our upcoming in-house custom-silicon supercomputer systems. Join a small team of experienced developers in optimizing and scaling the deployment of our Pytorch-derived neural networks on Tesla's custom massively-parallel Dojo accelerators. Work with many of the same great engineers who delivered Tesla’s custom FSD computer. The ideal candidate has experience with writing software for large distributed systems.

Responsibilities
Understand and model the end to end training performance of the Autopilot SW team's Pytorch-derived neural networks on the Dojo system.
Develop software that scales and improves training performance based on your analysis of bottlenecks
Collaborate with the Dojo HW team to understand current HW architecture and propose future improvements
Requirements
BS in relevant field (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, etc.)
Comfortable with C++ and Python
Capable of delivering results with minimal oversight
Good communication skills
Nice To Have
Experience scaling neural network training systems or other large distributed systems
Familiarity with the internals of Pytorch
Performance analysis experience
Experience coding parallel programs
Able to work from Deer Creek (Palo Alto) office
Ready to start soon

Must have a U.S. Citizenship
Must have at least a Master’s degree, preferably in Computer Science or Mathematics
Three to five years of experience of building and deploying machine learning or NLP intensive AI algorithms from scratch 
Highly experienced in designing, building and shipping scalable and production-quality APIs for machine learning models
Working knowledge and experience in NLP core components (NER, Entity Disambiguation, etc)
In-depth expertise in Data Munging and Storage (Experienced in SQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, Graph Databases)
Expertise in writing scalable APIs for machine learning models
Experience with maintaining code logs, task schedulers, and security
Working knowledge of machine learning techniques, feed-forward, recurrent and convolutional neural networks, entropy models, supervised and unsupervised learning
Experience with at least one of the following: Keras, Tensorflow, Caffe, or PyTorch
Strong willingness and aptitude for learning new concepts and analytical approaches


Work on execution and scheduling of all tasks related to assigned projects’ deliverable dates
Optimize and debug existing codes to make them scalable and improve performance
Design, development and delivery of tested code and machine learning models into production environments
Work effectively in teams, managing and leading teams 
Provide effective, constructive feedback to the delivery leader
Manage client expectations and work with an agile mindset with machine learning and AI technology
Design and prototype data driven solutions


The ideal candidate has experience putting industrial-scale Machine Learning Models into production, understands the needs of Data Scientists, is familiar with the biomedical domain, and is eager to apply his or her skills to improve patient outcomes.

Build and deploy robust, industrial scale Machine Learning and Data Pipelines for structured and unstructured data
Facilitate End-to-end large scale machine learning model integration
Collaborate with product, science, engineering, and business development teams to build the most advanced data solutions in precision medicine
Required Qualifications
Proficient in Python.
Experience working in GCP, AWS, and other Cloud Environments.
Knowledge of best practices for code development, documentation, testing and deployment patterns.
Experience building and maintaining robust, large-scale Machine Learning and Data Pipeline designed for scalability, repeatability, automation, CI/CD/CT, performance monitoring, model dashboarding.
Strong programming skills, familiarity with software development cycles, solid understanding of software concepts - data structures and algorithms.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with deployment of Natural Language Processing models.
Experience with elastic search, knowledge graph.
Experimental management and logging frameworks (e.g. MLflow), data and pipeline versioning.
Experience with ML model testing: model performance, model health, etc.
Good familiarity with deep learning frameworks: PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras.
Good familiarly Data Engineering & Architecture best practices.
Biomedical domain expertise.

Because our challenges are so new, members of our Machine Learning team need strong creative problem-solving skills and the technical background to implement solutions. Our research environment affords team members the opportunity to utilize a variety of statistical and machine learning methods with the freedom and encouragement to pursue alternative approaches to solving problems. Whether developing new products or identifying novel approaches to core models, we are continuously seeking the next big ideas to move our business forward.


As a Machine Learning Engineer with Upstart, you'll enjoy a fast-paced environment with a focus on productionalizing, deploying and training machine learning models. You’ll also have an opportunity to work alongside a talented team that values curiosity, humility, drive and teamwork.
Position Location - This role is available in the following locations: Austin, Columbus or Remote ()
Time Zone Requirements - This team operates on either the East or West Coast time zones.
Travel Requirements - This team has regular on-site collaboration sessions six times annually split between the San Mateo or Columbus office locations. If you need to travel to make these meetups, Upstart will cover all travel related expenses.
What We’re Looking For
2+ years of professional experience as a Machine Learning Engineer or production-focused Data Scientist or Research Scientist
Knowledge of machine learning and statistics
Experience with machine learning tools such as Scikit-learn, XGBoost and Keras/TensorFlow
Fluency in Python coding as well as data manipulation (SQL, Spark, Pandas)
Familiarity with CNNs, RNN, LSTMs, and the latest research trends
Experience productionalizing, deploying, and training machine learning models
Experience optimizing models for memory and speed
Interest in helping other Research Scientists improve code quality in addition to conducting independent analyses
Comfortable thinking about optimization functions, linear algebra, etc. as we develop custom learning algorithms
Advanced degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics or related area of study

We are looking for a talented Data Scientist with a strong background in Machine Learning techniques to join us in our commitment to improve the quality of care for patients in communities across the nation. You will be working with a growing multidisciplinary team of talented data scientists, other statisticians, engineers, and researchers to leverage unique healthcare data (in the form of MRI images, clinical reports, claims data, and beyond) to answer novel clinical questions. The datasets will be diverse and wholly distinct and cover all phases of care delivery (referral, diagnosis, therapy, and outcome/follow-up) from the perspective of various key stakeholders (patients, providers and payers). As a member of the team, you will work to create, extend, and validate the statistical models that power analytics at Covera Health. We encourage new opportunities to shape our data science strategy, and value those who can lead and mentor junior members along the way.


Leverage a variety of healthcare data, including healthcare provider profile data, longitudinal claims data, and proprietary diagnostic imaging exam quality assessment data, to quantify the relationship between healthcare quality and patient outcomes, costs, and care patterns.
Apply techniques to answer clinical questions, including the implementation of interpretable machine learning methods
Create, extend, and validate models and methods for causal analysis and outcome prediction. 
Collaborate with data science team members and other colleagues on data analysis projects and research activities.
Communicate the results of analysis and research projects to internal and external stakeholders.
Prepare and contribute material for academic publication and participate in scientific conferences.
 

Ph.D or M.S. in statistics, biostatistics, healthcare economics, applied math, epidemiology, computer science or a related field.
At least 1+ years of work experience as a Data Scientist following a PhD or 3+ years of experience following a Masters.
Experience with random forests, ensemble techniques, supervised and unsupervised learning
Exposure to causal inference methods such as propensity score matching and weighting is a plus.
Experience and interest in interpretable Machine Learning is a big plus.
Experience with Python and/or R.
Experience developing code that is leveraged by a wider team and/or contributing to a collaborative code base.
Strong communicator with excellent ability to work in a team environment.
Experience working with real world medical data or claims data is a plus.
Eager to learn new techniques and work at the intersection of machine learning and causal inference.

What You’ll Do
Lead biostatistics efforts in a team setting of fellow scientists and machine learning engineers
Cross-functional collaboration with other teams to integrate large-scale datasets and use bioinformatics to define the factors associated with drug response and resistance
Develop computational methods and build tools to enable data-driven patient stratification and inform the development of clinical decision support products
Identify scientifically relevant findings within datasets spanning multiple modalities
Develop scalable computational solutions to further clinical data analysis automation across projects
Communicate findings both internally and externally and recommend follow up actions
What You’ll Need
Ph.D. in bioinformatics, engineering, statistics, biostatistics, biomedical engineering, cancer biology, immunology, genetics, or similar with 3+ years of industry experience or strong academic record.
Demonstrated ability of contributing to multi-disciplinary team projects.
Expertise with programming language such as R AND Python for complex data analysis and reproducible research practices.
Mastery in integrating and analyzing diverse high-dimensional data sets relevant to oncology, immunology, and other areas of clinical relevance.
Capability to conduct systematic analyses to evaluate multiple hypotheses and prioritize clinically-relevant questions.
Scientific curiosity with an ability to identify questions that computational approaches can address, and the skills to develop solutions both independently and collaboratively.
Excellent problem-solving and collaboration skills.
Strong communication, data presentation, and visualization skills.
Strong publication record.
Background in clinical data/oncology/immuno-oncology and/or experience working with clinical trial data is a plus.

As a machine learning engineer focused on applied ML, you will work closely with other teams to identify critical problems that can be solved using ML. You will co-develop a model, sometimes an ML system, with them and then, whenever possible, build and deploy the solution as a reusable and generalizable ML service. You will continue to build such services and onboard new applications to existing services over time.

What You’ll Do Day To Day
Dive into data to understand business problems that may benefit from ML
Train novel machine learning models and take them to production
Invest in feature engineering and model hyper-parameter tuning to improve predictive power and performance of the models
After deployment, closely monitor the model and take recourse to model interpretability to understand how its impacts on users
Work cross-functionally with data scientists, product managers, operations, and other engineering teams to build generalizable and reusable models
Collaborate with our data infrastructure teams to build highly scalable services and systems
Present ML success stories to internal and external audiences
Survey the latest and greatest in various areas of ML and bring the benefits of those to the firm whenever possible
About You
MS/PhD and 2+ years of industry experience as Machine Learning Engineer preferred
Bachelors and 5+ years of industry experience as Machine Learning Engineer preferred
Solid understanding of machine learning and deep learning algorithms
Experience of working with large, noisy and highly imbalanced datasets
Experience of building and shipping ML models that are aligned with product roadmap
Excellent programming skills, including proficiency in Python and/or Go
Passion for working and learning in a fast-growing company
Excellent communication skills to tell a story through data.
Experience of building relationships and influencing stakeholders across multiple discipline
Bonus Points
Industry experience of delivering business impact with ML models or systems
Research and publication experience in any field of machine learning
Proof of excellence in Kaggle or similar forums
Technologies We Use
Python
Go
Scikit-learn
Tensorflow or Pytorch
Kubernetes
Kafka

Python (Programming Language)

Machine Learning


MySQL


MATLAB

C++
Python (Programming Language)

(You have this skill!)
Deep Learning

(You have this skill!)
SciPy

(You have this skill!)
Machine Learning

(You have this skill!)
NumPy

Matplotlib

Microsoft Office

Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)

Cluster Analysis

MongoDB
R (Programming Language)
This is an opportunity to join our fast-growing Engineering Data Science team to help develop, deploy and maintain cutting-edge machine learning models to help augment our product offerings in security, authentication, applications, and customer experience. We are looking for senior machine learning engineers who can help architect and own the platform for deploying and optimizing the machine learning models used to protect user authentication and security. They will also own the pipeline which needs to process hundreds of millions of events per day and provide results back to the authentication system to make real-time risk evaluation during user authentication. This project has a directive from engineering leadership to make OKTA a leader in the use of data and machine learning to improve end-user security and to expand that core-competency across the rest of engineering.
Our Perception team builds the technology that enables Snapchat’s camera to intelligently understand the world around us. This team is composed of innovative product thinkers, engineers, and scientists who work together to bring captivating Snapchat experiences to life — all powered by artificial intelligence.

We're looking for a Machine Learning Product Engineer to join the Perception team!

Python (Programming Language)

(You have this skill!)
Machine Learning

(You have this skill!)
TensorFlow

(You have this skill!)
Data Analysis

(You have this skill!)
MATLAB

Research

Electronics

Bayesian inference

R (Programming Language)

Simulations

What You’ll Do
Develop machine learning and deep learning solutions across the entire machine learning workflow from data collection to model training, and solve visual recognition tasks such as classification, detection, and segmentation
Optimize deep neural networks to run efficiently on mobile devices
Apply findings from cutting edge research to help solve challenging product problems
Work with product teams and engineers to make applications of computer vision ubiquitous to Snapchat
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities
Ability to read and implement related academic literature in deep learning and computer vision
Solid understanding of the production machine learning workflow
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in a technical field such as computer science or equivalent experience
3+ years of industry engineering or research and development experience
Industry experience with one or more of the following: deep learning, large-scale visual search, image classification, object detection, semantic segmentation
Experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch, or related deep learning framework
Preferred Qualifications
Masters/PhD in a technical field such as computer science or equivalent industry experience
Publications in top-tier conferences such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, NIPS, ICML
Experience building large-scale machine learning systems or computer vision applications
We hope you will share our passion and great pride in the work we do and will join an engineering team that strongly believes in automated testing and an iterative process to build high-quality next-generation cloud platforms.

Our elite team is fast, innovative, and flexible. We expect great things from our engineers and reward them with stimulating new projects and emerging technologies.

Job Duties And Responsibilities
Contribute to the architecture and ownership of the continuous delivery pipeline for developing, deploying, and maintaining machine learning models in production.
Work with Data Scientists to help improve their productivity and implement their ideas
Analyze performance metrics and logs to identify inefficiencies and opportunities to improve scalability and performance
Research production issues using tools such as Splunk, Wavefront, CloudWatch, etc
Maintain and enhance our performance monitoring and analysis telemetry, frameworks, and tools
Test-driven development, design, and code reviews
Minimum Required Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities
3-6+ years experience building enterprise-grade highly reliable, mission-critical software or big data systems
3+ years of experience deploying ML models in production environments serving with low latency.
3+ years of experience with ML development systems: Sagemaker, TensorFlow, or PyTorch
Advanced Python programming
Advanced experience with Object-Oriented Language like Java
The Following Experience Is a Plus
3+ years experience with streaming systems: MQ, Kafka, Storm, Spark, Flink etc.
Experience with the data toolchains: Snowflake, EMR, Kinesis, Redshift, Glue or similar
Working knowledge of AWS Lambda, and API Gateway including production deployment
Experience with Docker, Terraform, Chef, Jenkins, or similar build tools
Jupyter Notebooks
Redis
An Overview Of Our Tech Stack
Our primary programming languages are Java and JavaScript
We use open source frameworks such as React, Hibernate and Spring Boot
We run on best of breed infrastructure including MySQL, GitHub, Redis, Kinesis and Elasticsearch
We make extensive use of virtualization and containers: AWS, Vagrant, Docker
Our weekly production releases are made possible by Continuous Integration and sophisticated build, test and release automation leveraging Maven, npm, Artifactory, Chef, Ansible and the like
We participate in the OpenSource community with the likes of https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-js
Java
Python (Programming Language)

(You have this skill!)
Machine Learning

(You have this skill!)
SQL

(You have this skill!)
Deep Learning

(You have this skill!)
MySQL

(You have this skill!)
Natural Language Processing (NLP)

(You have this skill!)
C++

Java

Computer Vision

R (Programming Language)
Leadership

Research

In this role, you will work on the analytics and experimentation team where you'll incorporate Machine Learning models into the enterprise system. In addition, you'll play a key role in making the Machine Learning and Analytics platform more intelligent!
Python (Programming Language)

(You have this skill!)
SQL

(You have this skill!)
Natural Language Processing (NLP)

(You have this skill!)
Microsoft Office
OB AT A GLANCE:

The Machine Learning Engineering team at Ampersand is seeking a Machine Learning Engineer focused on productionizing Bayesian models developed by the Data Science group.

Samples of the types of model output you will be working with may be found in the example notebooks of our open source repository, PyMC3-HMM.

[DEL: :DEL]

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

In our experience, there is not necessarily a specific background common to ML Engineers so here are a few of the different responsibilities you might take on:

Extend the open source Aesara and PyMC3-HMM packages 
Develop tools to visualize model results using Matplotlib 
Write and optimize Clickhouse SQL queries and design relational schemas for efficient storage and computation 
Use Github actions to create Docker images for use by AWS Batch as part of our production pipeline 
Design custom metadata services to manage the state of our model fits


EDUCATION, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE:

 You must have intermediate to advanced knowledge of Python 
We use `git` for version control and expect that you have significant experience collaborating on a team using git-based workflows and continuous integration.

Bonus points for: It will be easier to convince us to hire you if have open source contributions, blog posts, or public projects we can evaluate. Of course, we recognize that not everyone has the opportunity to work on these kinds of projects so they are in no way a requirement.


C (Programming Language)

MATLAB

Tableau

R (Programming Language)

Machine Learning Algorithms

LaTeX

Responsibilities

Work closely with data scientists, software developers and product managers to take ML-powered services from inception to production
Lead exploration, design and execution of machine learning models and frameworks that deliver value to our users.
Build data pipelines and leverage high-quality datasets to power your Machine learning models

Qualifications


As an Applied Machine Learning Engineer, you will collaborate with other data scientists, as well as members of the platform engineering team in order to execute cutting-edge machine learning techniques to find fraud, waste, and abuse in healthcare data. Your goal is to train and test models on millions of data-points, and help build-out a state-of-the-art human-in-the-loop ML infrastructure.


In this role, you will report directly to the Head of Data Science at our New York City headquarters. This role will remote until it is safe to return to the office. You will collaborate with other data scientists, as well as members of the platform engineering team. You will also engage in daily interactions with domain experts on the payment integrity team.


What you'll do:

Execute cutting-edge machine learning techniques to find fraud, waste, and abuse in healthcare data.
Make infrastructural choices in order to ensure that the trained models scale well across millions of health insurance claims
Run unsupervised anomaly detection on millions of heterogeneous health-insurance features using PySpark.
Shine a bright light on black-box models to make all anomalous signals easily interpretable.
Interact with domain experts and encoding their experience into simple heuristics. Pushing these heuristics to production for the purposes of weak supervision.
Train large-scale, weakly-supervised ML models using tools like Snorkel. Making sure these models are interpretable.
Tweak models using expert feedback. Building dashboards to solicit that feedback using human-in-the-loop training techniques.
Experiment with transformer model applications using the Pytorch / Tensorflow libraries.

What you'll need:

Standard knowledge of Python data-science stack 
5+ years in software engineering experience
Hacker mindset
Experience building out production-ready machine learning solutions 
Bachelor's degree required; Masters or PhD preferred!
1+ yrs experience as part of a data science, machine learning, or other software development team
Proficiency in Python
Experience with machine learning frameworks & toolkits
Experience building and productionizing applied machine learning products
Experience with big data, preferably using Spark, Hadoop and Hive.
Affirm’s Machine Learning team solves problems critical to our business model - personalizing shopping experiences, detecting fraud, optimizing interest rates, and assessing creditworthiness in real time. Our innovative products necessitate the creation of novel machine learning solutions to drive both existing and new products.

What you'll do
Use Affirm’s data to develop machine learning models that predict cash flows, financing programs, and optimize pricing for merchants.
Build financial forecasting applications for Affirm’s two-sided marketplace
Research ground breaking solutions and develop prototypes that drive the future of decisioning at Affirm
Implement and scale data pipelines, new features, and algorithms that are essential to our production models
Collaborate with the engineering, quantitative markets, merchant pricing, and product teams to define requirements for new products
Evaluate new data sources to use in a cost-effective way in our models to add value
What we look for
B.S. with 7+ years of industry experience, M.S. with 5+ years, or PhD with 4+ years
Proficiency in machine learning with experience in areas such as gradient boosting, deep learning, recommendation systems, computational advertising, reinforcement learning, financial forecasting, time series analysis, anomaly detection, monte-carlo simulations, and Markov decision processes
Strong programming skills in Python. Experience using frameworks for machine learning and data science like scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, XGBoost, TensorFlow, mllib
Experience with the AWS technical stack and data infrastructure such as MySQL, Spark, Kubernetes, Docker, and Airflow
Excellent written and oral communication skills and the capability to drive cross-functional requirements with product and engineering teams
The ability to present technical concepts and results in an audience-appropriate way
Persistence, patience and a great sense of responsibility – we build the decisioning that drives Affirm’s business!

Statistics

Data Analysis


High-Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC)
Data Science

(You have this skill!)
Pandas (Software)

(You have this skill!)
MySQL

(You have this skill!)
Microsoft Excel

Tableau

R (Programming Language)

Data Analytics

Data Mining

Big Data

Google Cloud Platform (GCP)

Statistics

MATLAB

Microsoft Office

Research

C++

ArcGIS Products

BERT

MODFLOW